Setup the Solus DevLog (#436)
getsolus/help-center-docs: devlog/2023-11-22-welcome-devlog.md

---
title: Welcome to the Solus Devlog
description: Welcome to the Solus Development Log.
slug: welcome-solus-devlog-v1
authors:
  - name: Joey Riches
    title: Solus Staff
    url: https://github.com/joebonrichie
    image_url: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/5338090?s=400&u=f77ed45c7e83814ce3e8bd199fc293bd5b53682b&v=4
tags: [hello, devlog, firstpost, solus]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

Welcome to the Solus Development Log.

> The Solus Development Log will be used by Solus Staff and outside contributors going forward to hightlight wins and changes in Solus. Keep an eye on this space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Solus Development Log will be used by Solus Staff and outside contributors to hightlight wins and changes in Solus. Keep an eye on this space.
```

<!-- truncate -->

> The Solus DevLog has been setup to facilitate helping communicate with the outside world; wins, signficant changes as well as challenges within Solus. Solus Staff and contributors are encouraged to use this space going forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Solus DevLog has been setup to facilitate improved communication with the outside world; wins, signficant changes, as well as challenges, within Solus. Solus Staff and contributors are encouraged to use this space.
```

> The DevLog has been setup as a seperate entity to the [Solus Blog](https://getsol.us/blog/) to encourage more short form development content that doesn't require the same level of polish an official blog post will take.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DevLog has been setup as a seperate entity to the [Solus Blog](https://getsol.us/blog/) to encourage more short form development content that doesn't require the same level of polish an official blog post.
```

Reviewer 2: nit: the suggestion should end "polish *as* an official blog post

Reviewer: Good catch! Edited the suggestion.

> It is hoped that this will be used to help communicate what's going on in Solus such that our short-term and medium-term progress, goals and ambitions remain less of a black box to the outside world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is hoped that this will be used to help communicate what's going on in Solus such that our short-term and medium-term progress, goals, and ambitions are less of a black box to the outside world.
```

> Additionally, it is hoped it will help provide context to any of our murmurings for any users who keep an eye on the [getsolus](https://github.com/getsolus/) GitHub organization page and the [Solus](https://matrix.to/#/#solus:matrix.org) Matrix channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, we believe it will help provide context to any of our murmurings for any users who keep an eye on the [getsolus](https://github.com/getsolus/) GitHub organization page and the [Solus](https://matrix.to/#/#solus:matrix.org) Matrix channels.
```
